All right.
Welcome back.
STUDENT So it's time for us to start actually editing our polls.
It's going to be a pretty fun lecture and you've got to learn a bunch from this one here.
Even though you we my you might know a couple of things that we're doing in this lecture.
But you're going to find now a new way of doing things is going to be pretty awesome.
All right.
Let's let's look at it.
Let's do this.
All right.
So we got our end form set up.
All right ready for us to start editing.
Let's just change this to of the post.
All right.
That's fine.
All right cool let's go to the impulse controller here and start working from here.
Now remember when I told you the first thing that you that I recommend for you to do is try to do the
return all here just just to find out if you're getting anything OK.
I'm not going to do that because I know that this is working for me.
OK.
All right so what is the first thing that we're going to do here.
Well I'm going to do this a little differently just a little bit.
I just want to show you a new way of doing things.
All right.
I'm going to find out when I go up and copy these guys.
I know I'm not supposed to be doing that.
You're not supposed to be doing that.
I already know this stuff.
All right.
So we're checking to see if we have a picture of we don't.
As you can see guys this is something that we have to repeat all the time.
It will be nice to put this in and in a method right now we can fight it we can say if you find a picture
you know give us this and give us that.
That would be nice.
So if you want to go ahead and refactor that into a method you can I'm just showing you the long way
of doing things so that way.
And sometimes I show you the short way but this way showing you the long way makes you think wow you
can do to make it better.
Remember that.
All right cool.
All right so now what I want to do is we're going to find the user first of all right.
The guys are slow then and then we want to find the users posts.
All right and then we want to find out where the IDS is same marae we're going to find out post.
Once you put the WHERE statement here is checking for the user's pause.
All right.
Once we find out how we want to for the first one that we find right because there's only one that we
are editing of the time.
And then after we do that we just say ok once you find the first one I want you to update it and we're
going to update it.
And what are we going to update.
The input.
All right.
And here we go.
Here we don't have that much different.
Well actually it is different.
Zoom one line will we are eliminating this line here.
We eliminating this line right here.
All right.
Ok cool.
So once we do that we can go ahead and return
redirect.
All right men pose Let's see we're forgetting something here.
We're not we're good.
OK.
It is like is good guys.
Let's check it out.
All right cool.
All right.
The bomb and just in a put here.
Did it just to know that this it is of dating.
And and this is Bull's number four.
I love love he makes because it makes it easy for me.
Did it.
As you can see updated updated and updated and updated.
Working like a charm guys.
Beautiful.
All right.
So another thing that I want to also let you guys know is that later on we're going to be doing pagination
but that's extra features you might now want to have the body here.
All right.
So they are functions.
There are methods that you can actually use from Claribel to actually shrink this to make it you know
shorter.
And there are of course methods from PH a native THP right.
But if you go and let's say you search Clarabelle
helper.
Actually let me just put it right here so you can see.
Sorry hoper functions.
Hoper string functions.
Watch this.
Actually I think just with the first one helper functions you could the first key was you can find the
rest and then you go here and you say strings and you go you got Kim K's I mean your name is here.
We may have a string limit right here so we can apply this trend limit over there.
OK.
So you can come to your index.
Let's go to this right here and right here on body.
All right.
You can call that let's just do it right now.
So show you and we will just say this to your limit we go.
And then when you play this here and then we say to why we want to limit to we want to limit to seven
characters for example.
Just give you an example answer.
And as you can see is the body's being limited to seven characters right.
You might want to do something like maybe 20 characters or 30.
All right.
So there is a bunch of helper functions out there to help you make your application lot better.
So look at up play around with it.
You know whatever you need is here.
We got a raise with a bunch of arrays too.
We can use if you need them a bunch.
All right.
Anyway thank you so much guys for watching this lecture was pretty awesome right.
We were able to weather this even on time.
It was pretty easy and we just our applications just taking form right.
Take care and I'll see you in the next lecture.